He seemed to be arguing between me and the Invisible Man.
But every time he says
In fact, they're all divisive.
It's always been me and Ly that kept fighting.
Compared to Non-Inflammation
What he did made me suspicious of you.
It's because you stopped it.
There are also tens of thousands of spiritual victims in Northern Xinjiang.
You can't let go so easily.
How can the truth be clearly investigated?
Go outside, do you remember when Feng Huyen Yu?
She was the third to introduce me here.
Your Majesty, do you suspect Captain Lanzhou?
Are there any suspicious toxins?
immediately the emperor.
Congratulations on the return of reinforcements to the International Hundred Acres.
This time should worry everyone.
Kai-min, you're working hard.
I wouldn't dare.
The talented old man could only be an encouragement.
How did I ask you to investigate?
Stay away.
Eating is not a problem.
Eating is not a bowl although doing it very secretly.
But still checked by his mother.
It seems to be with a mysterious organization.
Again.
That's such a loss, of course.
Good night, really colluding with some people.
You can beat them at any cost.
Its purpose is to take over Egret International.
When did the former military officer discover that there was a problem with Peace Stone?
Since he started beating me.